Add SpoofSentry integration (#2963)
DataDog/integrations-extras: spoofsentry/README.md

## Overview

SpoofSentry by DomainSeal monitors your domains for email spoofing, DMARC failures, lookalike domain abuse, and phishing campaigns. This integration sends domain security events to Datadog for centralized logging, analysis, and alerting.

Events include:
- DMARC authentication failures with sender details
- Spoofing campaign detections with IP attribution
- Lookalike domain threats with risk scores
- DNS enforcement changes (SPF, DKIM, DMARC policy)
- Takedown orchestration lifecycle (created, dispatched, escalated, resolved)

## Setup

### In SpoofSentry

> 1. Log in to [SpoofSentry](https://spoofsentry.com)

Reviewer: Integration READMEs conventionally use reference-style links (e.g., `[SpoofSentry][1]` with `[1]: https://spoofsentry.com` at the bottom of the file) rather than inline URLs. Consider converting all links in this README to that format for consistency with the standard template.

2. Go to **Settings > Integrations > SIEM**
3. Select **Datadog**
4. Enter your **Datadog API key** (from Datadog > Organization Settings > API Keys)
5. Select your **Datadog site** (US: `datadoghq.com`, EU: `datadoghq.eu`)

> 6. Click **Test Connection** to verify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to [SpoofSentry](https://spoofsentry.com).
2. Go to **Settings > Integrations > SIEM**.
3. Select **Datadog**.
4. Enter your **Datadog API key** (from Datadog > Organization Settings > API Keys).
5. Select your **Datadog site** (US: `datadoghq.com`, EU: `datadoghq.eu`).
6. Click **Test Connection** to verify,
```

### In Datadog

> Events appear automatically in **Logs** with `source:spoofsentry`. The pre-built dashboard is installed with this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events appear automatically in **Logs** with `source:spoofsentry`. A prebuilt dashboard is installed with this integration.
```

### Log Pipeline

> A log pipeline is included that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration includes a log pipeline that:
```

- Maps `eventType` to `evt.name`
- Maps `severity` to log status
- Maps `domain` to `network.destination.domain`
- Categorizes severity levels

## Data Collected

### Logs

> SpoofSentry sends domain security events as JSON logs via the Datadog Logs API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SpoofSentry sends domain security events as JSON logs through the Datadog Logs API.
```

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|

> | `eventType` | Event classification (e.g., `SPOOF_THREAT_DETECTED`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `eventType` | Event classification (for example, `SPOOF_THREAT_DETECTED`) |
```

| `severity` | `critical`, `high`, `medium`, `low`, `info` |
| `domain` | Target domain |
| `tenantId` | Customer tenant identifier |
| `message` | Human-readable event summary |

### Tags

> All events include these tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All events include the following tags:
```

- `service:spoofsentry`
- `event_type:<type>`
- `severity:<level>`
- `domain:<domain>`

## Support

- Email: hello@spoofsentry.com
- Documentation: [https://spoofsentry.com/docs/integrations/datadog](https://spoofsentry.com/docs/integrations/datadog)

> - Status: [https://spoofsentry.com/status](https://spoofsentry.com/status)

Reviewer: The Support section for integrations-extras typically points directly to the creator's support contact. The `Documentation:` and `Status:` list items are non-standard here — consider simplifying to match the convention used by other integrations, and folding the docs link into the Setup section if it's useful there:

```suggestion
## Support

Need help? Contact [SpoofSentry support](mailto:hello@spoofsentry.com).
```

Events include:
- DMARC authentication failures with sender details
- Spoofing campaign detections with IP attribution
- Lookalike domain threats with risk scores
- DNS enforcement changes (SPF, DKIM, DMARC policy)
- Takedown orchestration lifecycle (created, dispatched, escalated, resolved)

## Setup

### In SpoofSentry

1. Log in to [SpoofSentry][1].
2. Go to **Settings > Integrations > SIEM**.
3. Select **Datadog**.
4. Enter your **Datadog API key** (from Datadog > Organization Settings > API Keys).
5. Select your **Datadog site** (US: `datadoghq.com`, EU: `datadoghq.eu`).
6. Click **Test Connection** to verify.

### In Datadog

Events appear automatically in **Logs** with `source:spoofsentry`. A prebuilt dashboard is installed with this integration.

### Validation

To confirm the integration is working:

1. In SpoofSentry, send a test event from **Settings > Integrations > SIEM > Datadog > Test Connection**.
2. In Datadog, navigate to **Logs** and filter by `source:spoofsentry`.
3. Verify that test events appear with the expected fields (`eventType`, `severity`, `domain`).

### Log Pipeline

The integration includes a log pipeline that:
- Maps `eventType` to `evt.name`

> - Maps `severity` to log status

Reviewer: Is "log status" an attribute name? Ideally, this bullet would be parallel with the first and third bullets which include an attribute name.
